UNIT FILE                                                        STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount                                static         
-.mount                                                          generated      
boot.mount                                                       generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                                              static         
dev-mqueue.mount                                                 static         
home.mount                                                       generated      
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount                                    static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount                                    static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                                          static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                                           static         
tmp.mount                                                        static         
var-lib-machines.mount                                           static         
systemd-ask-password-console.path                                static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path                                   static         
session-c2.scope                                                 transient      
accounts-daemon.service                                          disabled       
adsl.service                                                     disabled       
alsa-restore.service                                             static         
alsa-state.service                                               static         
autovt@.service                                                  enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                                             disabled       
avahi-dnsconfd.service                                           disabled       
blk-availability.service                                         disabled       
btrfs-scrub@.service                                             static         
canberra-system-bootup.service                                   disabled       
canberra-system-shutdown-reboot.service                          disabled       
canberra-system-shutdown.service                                 disabled       
clamd.service                                                    disabled       
colord.service                                                   masked         
console-getty.service                                            disabled       
container-getty@.service                                         static         
cpupower.service                                                 enabled        
cronie.service                                                   disabled       
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service                           static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.import1.service                             static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service                             static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service                              static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.machine1.service                            static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.NetworkManager.service                      enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service                       enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service                           static         
dbus.service                                                     static         
debug-shell.service                                              disabled       
deluge-web.service                                               disabled       
deluged.service                                                  disabled       
dhcpcd.service                                                   disabled       
dhcpcd@.service                                                  disabled       
display-manager.service                                          enabled        
dm-event.service                                                 disabled       
dmraid.service                                                   disabled       
dnscrypt-proxy.service                                           disabled       
dnsmasq.service                                                  disabled       
emergency.service                                                static         
fancontrol.service                                               disabled       
freshclamd.service                                               disabled       
fstrim.service                                                   static         
ftpd.service                                                     disabled       
geoclue.service                                                  static         
getty@.service                                                   enabled        
git-daemon@.service                                              static         
gpm.service                                                      disabled       
hddtemp.service                                                  disabled       
healthd.service                                                  disabled       
hidepid.service                                                  static         
initrd-cleanup.service                                           static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                                         static         
initrd-switch-root.service                                       static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service                                static         
ip6tables.service                                                disabled       
iptables.service                                                 enabled        
irexec.service                                                   disabled       
kmod-static-nodes.service                                        static         
krb5-kadmind.service                                             disabled       
krb5-kdc.service                                                 disabled       
krb5-kpropd.service                                              disabled       
krb5-kpropd@.service                                             static         
ldconfig.service                                                 static         
lightdm.service                                                  enabled        
lircd-setup.service                                              disabled       
lircd-uinput.service                                             disabled       
lircd.service                                                    disabled       
lircmd.service                                                   disabled       
lm_sensors.service                                               enabled        
logrotate.service                                                static         
lvm2-lvmetad.service                                             disabled       
lvm2-monitor.service                                             disabled       
lvm2-pvscan@.service                                             static         
man-db.service                                                   static         
mariadb.service                                                  disabled       
mariadb@.service                                                 disabled       
mdadm-grow-continue@.service                                     static         
mdadm-last-resort@.service                                       static         
mdmon@.service                                                   static         
mdmonitor.service                                                static         
mkinitcpio-generate-shutdown-ramfs.service                       masked         
mpd.service                                                      disabled       
murmur.service                                                   disabled       
mysqld.service                                                   disabled       
mysqld@.service                                                  disabled       
netctl-auto@.service                                             disabled       
netctl-ifplugd@.service                                          disabled       
netctl-sleep.service                                             disabled       
netctl-wait-online.service                                       disabled       
netctl.service                                                   disabled       
netctl@.service                                                  static         
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service                                enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service                               disabled       
NetworkManager.service                                           enabled        
nscd.service                                                     disabled       
openvpn-client@.service                                          disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                                          disabled       
polkit.service                                                   static         
postgresql.service                                               disabled       
ppp@.service                                                     disabled       
preload.service                                                  masked         
quotaon.service                                                  static         
rescue.service                                                   static         
rfkill-block@.service                                            disabled       
rfkill-unblock@.service                                          disabled       
rlogin@.service                                                  static         
rsh@.service                                                     static         
rtkit-daemon.service                                             disabled       
saned@.service                                                   static         
sensord.service                                                  disabled       
serial-getty@.service                                            disabled       
shadow.service                                                   static         
snmpd.service                                                    disabled       
snmptrapd.service                                                disabled       
speech-dispatcherd.service                                       disabled       
sshd.service                                                     disabled       
sshd@.service                                                    static         
sshdgenkeys.service                                              static         
svnserve.service                                                 disabled       
sysstat-collect.service                                          static         
sysstat-summary.service                                          static         
sysstat.service                                                  disabled       
system-update-cleanup.service                                    static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service                             static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service                                static         
systemd-backlight@.service                                       static         
systemd-binfmt.service                                           static         
systemd-coredump@.service                                        static         
systemd-exit.service                                             static         
systemd-firstboot.service                                        static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                                        enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                                            static         
systemd-halt.service                                             static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service                                static         
systemd-hibernate.service                                        static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                                        static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                                      static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service                                     static         
systemd-importd.service                                          static         
systemd-initctl.service                                          static         
systemd-journal-catalog-update.service                           static         
systemd-journal-flush.service                                    static         
systemd-journal-gatewayd.service                                 indirect       
systemd-journal-remote.service                                   indirect       
systemd-journal-upload.service                                   disabled       
systemd-journald.service                                         static         
systemd-kexec.service                                            static         
systemd-localed.service                                          static         
systemd-logind.service                                           static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service                                static         
systemd-machined.service                                         static         
systemd-modules-load.service                                     static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service                             disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                                         disabled       
systemd-nspawn@.service                                          disabled       
systemd-poweroff.service                                         static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                                       static         
systemd-random-seed.service                                      static         
systemd-reboot.service                                           static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                                       static         
systemd-resolved.service                                         disabled       
systemd-rfkill.service                                           static         
systemd-suspend.service                                          static         
systemd-sysctl.service                                           static         
systemd-sysusers.service                                         static         
systemd-timedated.service                                        static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                                        enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service                                   static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service                               static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service                                   static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                                      static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service                                     static         
systemd-udevd.service                                            static         
systemd-update-done.service                                      static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                                      static         
systemd-user-sessions.service                                    static         
systemd-vconsole-setup.service                                   static         
systemd-volatile-root.service                                    static         
talk.service                                                     indirect       
teamd@.service                                                   static         
telnet@.service                                                  static         
udisks2.service                                                  disabled       
ufw.service                                                      disabled       
upower.service                                                   enabled        
usb_modeswitch@.service                                          static         
usbmuxd.service                                                  static         
user@.service                                                    static         
uuidd.service                                                    indirect       
vboxweb.service                                                  disabled       
vncserver.service                                                disabled       
wpa_supplicant-nl80211@.service                                  disabled       
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service                                    disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                                           disabled       
wpa_supplicant@.service                                          disabled       
zram-setup@.service                                              static         
machine.slice                                                    static         
system.slice                                                     static         
user-1000.slice                                                  transient      
user.slice                                                       static         
avahi-daemon.socket                                              disabled       
dbus.socket                                                      static         
dm-event.socket                                                  static         
dnscrypt-proxy.socket                                            disabled       
git-daemon.socket                                                disabled       
krb5-kpropd.socket                                               disabled       
lircd.socket                                                     disabled       
lvm2-lvmetad.socket                                              static         
mpd.socket                                                       disabled       
rlogin.socket                                                    disabled       
rsh.socket                                                       disabled       
saned.socket                                                     disabled       
sshd.socket                                                      disabled       
syslog.socket                                                    static         
systemd-coredump.socket                                          static         
systemd-initctl.socket                                           static         
systemd-journal-gatewayd.socket                                  disabled       
systemd-journal-remote.socket                                    disabled       
systemd-journald-audit.socket                                    static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket                                  static         
systemd-journald.socket                                          static         
systemd-networkd.socket                                          disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                                            static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket                                     static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                                      static         
talk.socket                                                      disabled       
telnet.socket                                                    disabled       
uuidd.socket                                                     disabled       
dev-disk-by\x2duuid-f…d0866\x2d4574\x2db2c7\x2ddfe9ebe2004c.swap generated      
basic.target                                                     static         
bluetooth.target                                                 static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                                            static         
cryptsetup.target                                                static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                                              disabled       
default.target                                                   static         
emergency.target                                                 static         
exit.target                                                      disabled       
final.target                                                     static         
getty.target                                                     static         
graphical.target                                                 static         
halt.target                                                      disabled       
hibernate.target                                                 static         
hybrid-sleep.target                                              static         
initrd-fs.target                                                 static         
initrd-root-device.target                                        static         
initrd-root-fs.target                                            static         
initrd-switch-root.target                                        static         
initrd.target                                                    static         
kexec.target                                                     disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                                              static         
local-fs.target                                                  static         
machines.target                                                  disabled       
multi-user.target                                                static         
network-online.target                                            static         
network-pre.target                                               static         
network.target                                                   static         
nss-lookup.target                                                static         
nss-user-lookup.target                                           static         
paths.target                                                     static         
poweroff.target                                                  disabled       
printer.target                                                   static         
reboot.target                                                    disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                                             static         
remote-fs.target                                                 enabled        
rescue.target                                                    disabled       
rpcbind.target                                                   static         
runlevel0.target                                                 disabled       
runlevel1.target                                                 disabled       
runlevel2.target                                                 static         
runlevel3.target                                                 static         
runlevel4.target                                                 static         
runlevel5.target                                                 static         
runlevel6.target                                                 disabled       
shutdown.target                                                  static         
sigpwr.target                                                    static         
sleep.target                                                     static         
slices.target                                                    static         
smartcard.target                                                 static         
sockets.target                                                   static         
sound.target                                                     static         
suspend.target                                                   static         
swap.target                                                      static         
sysinit.target                                                   static         
system-update.target                                             static         
time-sync.target                                                 static         
timers.target                                                    static         
umount.target                                                    static         
btrfs-scrub@.timer                                               disabled       
fstrim.timer                                                     disabled       
logrotate.timer                                                  disabled       
man-db.timer                                                     static         
mdadm-last-resort@.timer                                         static         
shadow.timer                                                     static         
sysstat-collect.timer                                            disabled       
sysstat-summary.timer                                            disabled       
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer                                     static         

309 unit files listed.
